# Can you give detailed instuctions on how an unreal engine 5 game project can be setup to run a game on the client while making database calls to a server for returning data. For example, i want a game that has a login, where the user name and password and other account info is stored on a database on the server. The client just logs in using user name and password. Once logged in the client can select from a list of their characters that would be loaded from the database on the server. include all the details about how this would be setup in unreal engine 5, all the specifics, not limited to but including the widgets, how to link it to the db, all teh way to how to make the db calls across a network to the server running the database to retrive the data. use best practices for an online multiplayer game

Can you give detailed instuctions on how an unreal engine 5 game project can be setup to run a game on the client while making database calls to a server for returning data. For example, i want a game that has a login, where the user name and password and other account info is stored on a database on the server. The client just logs in using user name and password. Once logged in the client can select from a list of their characters that would be loaded from the database on the server. include all the details about how this would be setup in unreal engine 5, all the specifics, not limited to but including the widgets, how to link it to the db, all teh way to how to make the db calls across a network to the server running the database to retrive the data. use best practices for an online multiplayer game
---
> **Navigation**: [Documentation Index](DocsNewINDEX.md)
