# i want you to create a new health bar and mana bar UI for the local player. Also i want you to implement the health bar for enemies. these are the bars that are specifically located below the player and enemy models, see C:\Sabri_MMO\troubleshootin pictures\healthmanabar.png. these  UIs should be designed and function exactly like the ragnarok online classic UIs. please research the how this UIs should look and function and be 100% confident in being able to replicate the exact functionality of the health and mana bars  UIs and replicate the look and feel (following our existing UI guidelines). a few key elements to this is that the enemies only have health bar while the player have both health and mana. these should be updated immediately as damage is dealt/received. by default the enemy health bar should be hidden ult the enemy is damaged. if tehre is aoe damage, all the enemies that are hit should have their health bar shown. should be complete with no gaps. what i told you is only some key elements and many not be complete, but your research should fill in the gaps. You should build all of these UIs and functionality using slate ui and C++ and update server or database as needed. please make sure all my requests have been addressed and properly implemented. this should be 100% working and there should be no gaps when you are done.  make any updates necessary to the code, server side and database needed.

i want you to create a new health bar and mana bar UI for the local player. Also i want you to implement the health bar for enemies. these are the bars that are specifically located below the player and enemy models, see C:\Sabri_MMO\troubleshootin pictures\healthmanabar.png. these  UIs should be designed and function exactly like the ragnarok online classic UIs. please research the how this UIs should look and function and be 100% confident in being able to replicate the exact functionality of the health and mana bars  UIs and replicate the look and feel (following our existing UI guidelines). a few key elements to this is that the enemies only have health bar while the player have both health and mana. these should be updated immediately as damage is dealt/received. by default the enemy health bar should be hidden ult the enemy is damaged. if tehre is aoe damage, all the enemies that are hit should have their health bar shown. should be complete with no gaps. what i told you is only some key elements and many not be complete, but your research should fill in the gaps. You should build all of these UIs and functionality using slate ui and C++ and update server or database as needed. please make sure all my requests have been addressed and properly implemented. this should be 100% working and there should be no gaps when you are done.  make any updates necessary to the code, server side and database needed.
---
> **Navigation**: [Documentation Index](DocsNewINDEX.md)
